'It's not taxed at all': Warren Buffett once revealed a key investment most miss, and it holds the key to lasting wealth
Phil Osagie
Tue, September 29, 2026 at 11:40 AM GMT+2 12 min read

Warren Buffett is a billionaire investor, philanthropist, CEO, and chairman of Berkshire Hathaway.
IAB Studio / Shutterstock
Moneywise and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue through links in the content below.

With an estimated net worth of about $141.2 billion, legendary investor Warren Buffett has built a tremendous financial empire — making him the 11th richest person in the world, as of April 1, 2026 (1).

Buffett is also known for sharing his investing wisdom with everyday Americans, prioritizing steady growth like the S&P 500 over decades, but, according to the Oracle of Omaha, there's one thing that everyone can invest in, regardless of income.

Top Picks
Jeff Bezos backs a platform that lets anyone invest in rental homes for as little as $100 — 6 ways to build wealth like a landlord without actually being one

A single line on your car insurance policy could be inflating your premium by up to 30% — here's what to change

A record 45% of central banks plan to grow gold reserves — and many investors are following suit. Get your free gold IRA guide from Priority Gold

Buffett's nearly foolproof philosophy, which underpins his success, starts with one thing: self-investment. As he explained to shareholders at Berkshire Hathaway's 2022 annual meeting, "Whatever abilities you have can't be taken away from you (2)."

"They can't be inflated away from you," he added. "The best investment by far is anything that develops yourself, and it's not taxed at all."

Now, at 95 years old, Buffett has finally retired from his longtime post as Berkshire's CEO, having announced the decision at the company's annual shareholder meeting in May 2025. Former Vice-Chair Greg Abel took over the top job of CEO on Jan. 1, 2026, while Buffett stepped down as Chair on September 18, 2026 (3). Buffett's son, Howard Buffett, replaced him in the role.

Despite this shake-up, Buffett is confident about Berkshire Hathaway's legacy.

"It has a better chance I think of being here 100 years from now than any company I can think of," Buffett said during an interview early in 2026 with CNBC (4).

In a more recent March 31 Squawk Box appearance, Buffett expressed confidence in Abel's stewardship (4). If anything, Buffet lamented not stepping aside sooner, noting that: "Greg is so good. It was kind of embarrassing how good he is, because he has covered … more ground in a day than I would in a week, even when I was at my peak, let alone my present condition."

Here's how to follow in Buffett's footsteps, even if they've slowed down in recent years — especially when it comes to thinking long term rather than trying to time the market.


Story Continues
Terms and Privacy Policy
EU DSA contact
Privacy & Cookie Settings
Benzinga
Warren Buffett's Son Once Said ‘Retirement’ Wasn't In His Dad's Vocabulary. 'He Won't Leave Until He's Buried In The Ground'

Warren Buffett's Son Once Said ‘Retirement’ Wasn't In His Dad's Vocabulary. 'He Won't Leave Until He's Buried In The Ground'
Jeannine Mancini
Tue, September 29, 2026 at 6:00 PM GMT+2 7 min read

Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.

Retirement finally caught up with Warren Buffett. It just took nearly a century, six decades at Berkshire Hathaway and a son who once predicted it would never happen.

On September 18, the 96-year-old legendary investor stepped down as chairman of Berkshire Hathaway and became chairman emeritus. He remains on the board. His son, Howard Buffett, a Berkshire director since 1993, was elected chair. Greg Abel continues as CEO, a role he assumed at the beginning of the year.

The transition completes a succession plan Warren spent years building. In a letter to shareholders, he spelled out the division of responsibilities.

Don't Miss:

Americans Are Drinking More Colombian Coffee. Now Juan Valdez Is Expanding Its U.S. Footprint. The Company Behind The Push Is Already In 3,000+ Stores.

Texas Is Adding 440+ Data Centers. There's A Problem: They All Need Power. One Houston Developer Is Building New Natural Gas Plants To Meet That Demand.

"Greg runs the company; Howard will guard its culture and values — both worth more than anything on our balance sheet," Warren wrote. "Think of Howard as a policy the shareholders own and hope never to claim against."

Howard Buffett will serve as non-executive chair. His job isn't to run Berkshire's daily operations or make investment decisions. Instead, he is expected to protect the culture and values Warren and the late vicechair Charlie Munger built over decades.

Howard Buffett Once Saw No Exit
Over a decade earlier, Howard Buffett saw his father's departure very differently.

"He won't leave until he's buried in the ground," he told "60 Minutes" in 2011. "I hate to put it that way…"

Around the same period, Howard Buffett also told Bloomberg that the word "retirement" simply wasn't in his father's vocabulary. He said Warren joked that he would continue communicating with the company through a Ouija board after his death.

Trending: 'The Walking Dead' And 'Invincible' Are Two Of Skybound's Biggest Hits. What Else Is In Its Portfolio?

At the time, the idea of the elder Buffett walking away from Berkshire seemed almost impossible. He had spent decades running the company and repeatedly described his work as something he genuinely enjoyed.

Even after Abel took over as CEO, Warren remained chair until this month.